- [Instructor] The evolution of Java applications
over the past 25 years is extraordinary.
The language and its surrounding technologies
have adapted to embrace new innovations
like cloud, containers and microservices.
If you haven't followed every twist
and turn in this journey,
it can be overwhelming when you start to explore
these new tools and techniques for delivering software.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
Using continuous delivery practices,
I've automated the release processes for many applications
that run inside containers on Kubernetes.
In this course, I'll show you how tools
like Maven, Jenkins and Docker work together
to build and package modern Java apps.
You'll also learn how emerging tools
like Kustomize and Argo CD
are used to automate their deployments.
After watching this course,
you'll have a new toolset that will accelerate
your team's release cadence without sacrificing
the stability of your application.
So if you're ready,
join me on my LinkedIn Learning course
to learn how continuous delivery
can help you deliver cloud native Java applications.